# Dashboard Creation on Rshiny Project
#Our final project was broken up into 4 major parts
# Data Gathering and Wrangling 
You will be required to gather, at a minimum, 2 data different data sets. The datasets need to bedistinct, and they need to come from different sources.  You can use Kaggle, UCI, BLS, Statista,etc to find your data set.  For each of the two datasets,  you need to clearly identify the unit ofanalysis.  This can be something inherent within the dataset itself, or it can be a higher level ofanalysis  that  required  aggregation.   For  example,  if  you  happen  to  find  information  on  schooldistricts by zip code, and you also find COVID data by county, you can aggregate both datasetsso that each row in each data set, respectively, represents the school and covid information abouta state, aggregated in some manner. Each dataset must also have a minimum of 1000 rows and aminimum of 6 columns, and your final data set must have a minimum of 6 numerical columns, 5categorical columns, and 1 column that has text information of some kind (a review, a descriptionof something, etc).  Of course, the more the better!  As for the wrangling process itself, you willbe  required  to  use  thedplyrpackage,  among  othertidyversepackages,  in  R  to  conduct  thewrangling and cleaning phases. The final output of this process should be a single dataset, witha clear unit of analysis, with no empty rows, with a minimum of 1000 rows and 12 columns, 5 ofwhich must be numerical, 5 of which must be categorical, and 1 of which must be text.
We used a Boston crimes dataset and combined it with Airbnb data with the purpose of creating an information prodcut for prospective airbnb guests. Our goal was to raise awarness on crime rates around Airbnb listings. 
# Textual Analysis 
Once  you  complete  the  first  stage  of  the  project,  the  second  stage  is  to  prepare  the  columnthat contains text information into multiple numerical or categorical columns to append to theexisting dataset, and a second dataset which contains the keyword itself along with the count ofthe keyword. You will do a few steps:1.  Pre-process the text data (tokenize, stem, lemmatize, and spell-check each keyword).2.  Convert each text message to a single overall sentiment value using one of the more popularlexicons (such as SentiWordNet).3.  Conduct a Parts of Speech analysis,  and compute for each message the number of verbs,nouns, adjectives, and adverbs.  Both this and the sentiment data will be appended to the"final" wrangled and cleaned dataset.4.  Save the table that has each keyword and each keyword count into its own variable.
# Visualization and Dashboard Design 
You will be required to design and implement a minimum of 10 visualizations. These can, for themost part, be the selection of any columns you choose. However, you must have, at a minimum, 1bar plots (or histograms), 1 scatter plots, and 1 word cloud. The remaining 2 can be any choice ofyours. Each visual plot you design must adhere to the principles of visualization design that wehave discussed in class.  Each visual should be stored in a variable in R, and you are absolutelyrequired to used theggplot2package.Once you have completed your visuals, you will then create your final dashboard.  You willbe required to display a minimum of 5 visuals on the dashboard,  laid out in a logical mannerwith appropriate sizing, and it must have a minimum of 2 user controls.  One user control canbe a simple filter by way of point and click on a plot, while the other must be an explicit controlon the side, either a drop down box of pre-defined values, or a slider bar that defines a range ofvalues. The dashboard MUST be completed inrshiny
